The respondent of the proposed project capstone study consists of three category which are the Staff, Managers and Task Administrators most of them are Digital marketing and certified professionals that has experienced enough to understand the researcher proposed study. From the population size of 60 staffs and 8 Managers as of November 2022, a sample size with sufficient number of participants to adequately address the research question that can be used to estimate the sample size needed to produce a confidence interval estimate with a specified margin of error (precision) or to ensure that a test has a high probability of detecting a meaningful difference in the parameter, yielding response rates of 40% from the staffs and 60% among in the managers. 
The researcher will employ a standardized questionnaire for ISO using the Software 
Product Quality standards commonly known as ISO/IEC 25010. ISO (the International Organization for Standardization) and IEC (the International Electrotechnical Commission) form the specialized system for worldwide standardization. This system quality model defined in ISO/IEC 25010 comprises the eight quality characteristics this are Functional 
Suitability, Performance Efficiency, Compatibility, Usability, Reliability, Security, Maintainability and Portability to provide a current situation in identifying its critical success factors, barriers, and benefits of implementation.   
This is where the researcher will compile their findings and synthesize them in order to determine the core problems and issue that respondents have identified up to this point. The researcher chooses to use quantitative research, because variables are defined and identified, and then relevant data is collected from study participants. The strength of this type of research is that the data is in numeric form, making it easier to examine. In additional, Data can be incredibly constant, precise, and reliable. With the help of Likert scale, we can identify the grades given by the respondents on the current state of the system and the proposed system. 

